CREDITS.md, before:


# Credits

## General Credits
As part of the development process for the site, I required guidance from a number of online Django Resources aimed at walking new users through the process of using the Framework. The three most utilised and useful tutorials which helped me come up to speed with Django were:
1. The [Official Django Documentation tutorial](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/intro/tutorial01/) - a set of 7 tutorial stages which walk through building a poll app in Django step by step, from initial setup & installation, to completion

    Note I have also built this completed & fully functional poll app tutorial, the build can be found in my associated github repository: [Django Tutorial 1](https://github.com/dkelly255/Django-Tutorial-1)

2. The [Django Girls Tutorial](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/), an excellent tutorial series, working on building a blog application from scratch and extending it via additional functionality, covering everything from initial installation, setup, virtual environments right through to completion of the blog. 

    This completed project build can be found in my associated github repository: [Django Girls Tutorial](https://github.com/dkelly255/django-girls-tutorial)

3. The [Corey Schafer Django tutorial series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmljXZIypDc&list=PL-osiE80TeTtoQCKZ03TU5fNfx2UY6U4p) - a series of 12x videos, around 7-8 hours in length again focused on building a blog application, but with much more functionality & features. 

    This completed project build can also be found in my associated github repository: [Corey Schafer Django Blog](https://github.com/dkelly255/CS-Django-Blog)

I also must acknowledge and highly recommend the [Official Django Forum](https://forum.djangoproject.com/c/users/6) - where I was able to receive help and support with several technical issues and queries when working through the process of building the official Django poll app tutorial with special recognition going to Django Forums' [KenWhitesell](https://forum.djangoproject.com/u/KenWhitesell) who was able to help me with several queries & issues I had whilst working through the official Django documentation. Below I have included links & acknowledgement to all of the discussion and content of the troubleshooting and debugging advice I was able to receive on these topics including :

1. How to solve a [404 Page not found error](https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/page-not-found-404-tutorial-1/12135/5)

2. Guidance on how to work through a [CSRF token verification failure](https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/tutorial-2-error-forbidden-csrf-verification-failed/12143)

3. How to locate files in [Django's source code & directories](https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/tutorial-7-base-site-html-location/12187/3)
    
4. Support with trying to resolve a [101 - Network Unavilable error](https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/oserror-at-password-reset-errno-101-network-is-unreachable/12348/2)

## Content
- The "Model, View, Template" explanation in the "Structure" section of the User Experience overview is sourced from [javatpoint.com](https://www.javatpoint.com/django-mvt)

## Code
- The project structure is based on the Code Institute [Blog lesson](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/courses/course-v1:CodeInstitute+FST101+2021_T1/courseware/b31493372e764469823578613d11036b/fe4299adcd6743328183aab4e7ec5d13/) project 

## Media
- The site background image was sourced from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-view-of-system-hacking-5380618/) and is free to use with no attribution required
- The "What is Django" article content was sourced from both the [Official Django Website](https://www.djangoproject.com/), as well as the [Django Wikipedia Page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Django_(web_framework))

Commit message:

Further develop credits section content in readme

CREDITS.md, after:


# Credits

## General Credits
As part of the development process for the site, I required guidance from a number of online Django Resources aimed at walking new users through the process of using the Framework. The three most utilised and useful tutorials which helped me come up to speed with Django were:
1. The [Official Django Documentation tutorial](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.0/intro/tutorial01/) - a set of 7 tutorial stages which walk through building a poll app in Django step by step, from initial setup & installation, to completion

    Note I have also built this completed & fully functional poll app tutorial, the build can be found in my associated github repository: [Django Tutorial 1](https://github.com/dkelly255/Django-Tutorial-1)

2. The [Django Girls Tutorial](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/), an excellent tutorial series, working on building a blog application from scratch and extending it via additional functionality, covering everything from initial installation, setup, virtual environments right through to completion of the blog. 

    This completed project build can be found in my associated github repository: [Django Girls Tutorial](https://github.com/dkelly255/django-girls-tutorial)

3. The [Corey Schafer Django tutorial series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UmljXZIypDc&list=PL-osiE80TeTtoQCKZ03TU5fNfx2UY6U4p) - a series of 12x videos, around 7-8 hours in length again focused on building a blog application, but with much more functionality & features. 

    This completed project build can also be found in my associated github repository: [Corey Schafer Django Blog](https://github.com/dkelly255/CS-Django-Blog)

I also must acknowledge and highly recommend the [Official Django Forum](https://forum.djangoproject.com/c/users/6) - where I was able to receive help and support with several technical issues and queries when working through the process of building the official Django poll app tutorial with special recognition going to Django Forums' [KenWhitesell](https://forum.djangoproject.com/u/KenWhitesell) who was able to help me with several queries & issues I had whilst working through the official Django documentation. Below I have included links & acknowledgement to all of the discussion and content of the troubleshooting and debugging advice I was able to receive on these topics including :

1. How to solve a [404 Page not found error](https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/page-not-found-404-tutorial-1/12135/5)

2. Guidance on how to work through a [CSRF token verification failure](https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/tutorial-2-error-forbidden-csrf-verification-failed/12143)

3. How to locate files in [Django's source code & directories](https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/tutorial-7-base-site-html-location/12187/3)
    
4. Support with trying to resolve a [101 - Network Unavilable error](https://forum.djangoproject.com/t/oserror-at-password-reset-errno-101-network-is-unreachable/12348/2)

## Content
- The "Model, View, Template" explanation in the "Structure" section of the User Experience overview is sourced from [javatpoint.com](https://www.javatpoint.com/django-mvt)
- In the "What is Django article", the [Official Django Documentation](https://www.djangoproject.com/), and the [Django Wikipedia Page](https://www.djangoproject.com/) are both used and accredited to provide article content
- In the "Who Uses Django" article, [instagram-engineering](https://instagram-engineering.com/what-powers-instagram-hundreds-of-instances-dozens-of-technologies-adf2e22da2ad), [dev.to](https://dev.to/developerroad/what-is-django-and-why-you-should-use-it-5a07), the [official Django documentation](https://www.djangoproject.com/weblog/2005/dec/08/congvotes/#:~:text=Django%20powers%20the%20entire%20votes,didn't%20break%20a%20sweat.), and [Django Stars](https://djangostars.com/blog/why-we-use-django-framework/), are used to provide content and context for the article
    

## Code
- The project structure is based on the Code Institute [Blog lesson](https://learn.codeinstitute.net/courses/course-v1:CodeInstitute+FST101+2021_T1/courseware/b31493372e764469823578613d11036b/fe4299adcd6743328183aab4e7ec5d13/) project 

## Media
- The site background image was sourced from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-view-of-system-hacking-5380618/) and is free to use with no attribution required
- The "What is Django" article content was sourced from both the [Official Django Website](https://www.djangoproject.com/), as well as the [Django Wikipedia Page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Django_(web_framework))
