TESTING.md, before:

# Testing

## User Workflow Testing:
Test Case | Expected Result | Actual Result | Pass/Fail
 ------------- | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- 
  Register an account | When clicking the "Sign Up" option, a user should be presented with the sign up form. Upon population of the required fields within the form, the user should receive a confirmation email if they have specified an email address during sign-up, and should have a newly created account. | User account created as expected | Pass
  Sign in | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Open an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Post a comment | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Like an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Unlike an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Close an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Sign out | Expected result | To be tested | TBD

## Admin Workflow Testing:
Test Case | Expected Result | Actual Result | Pass/Fail
 ------------- | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- 
  Create an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Delete an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Approve a comment | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Reject a comment | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Add an email address | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Verify an email address | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Add a user | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Delete a user | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Change a password | Expected result | To be tested | TBD

Commit message:

Add Login test to testing section of readme

TESTING.md, after:

# Testing

## User Workflow Testing:
Test Case | Expected Result | Actual Result | Pass/Fail
 ------------- | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- 
  Register an account | When clicking the "Sign Up" option, a user should be presented with the sign up form. Upon population of the required fields within the form, the user should receive a confirmation email if they have specified an email address during sign-up, and should have a newly created account. | User account created as expected | Pass
  Sign in | Upon clicking the "Login" option from the navigation bar, the "Sign In" form should display to the user, prompting a username & password. Upon entering these details, a user should be logged into the site| Log in option & form functions as expected | Pass
  Open an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Post a comment | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Like an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Unlike an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Close an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Sign out | Expected result | To be tested | TBD

## Admin Workflow Testing:
Test Case | Expected Result | Actual Result | Pass/Fail
 ------------- | ------------- | ------------ | ------------- 
  Create an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Delete an article | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Approve a comment | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Reject a comment | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Add an email address | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Verify an email address | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Add a user | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Delete a user | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
  Change a password | Expected result | To be tested | TBD
